# Swift-Piscine-Curriculim-at-42

## Core Philosophy: Build Projects Worth Showing Off That Also Teach
I have a signature dish that I like to cook, especially to impress dates. I learned it from my dad, he learned it from my great uncle. It seems fancy, it has a high presentation value, a french sounding name, but is in actuality not complicated to make. Chicken Cordon Bleu. It's never not been a hit. It’s the optimal amount of being impressive while simultaneously not an unreasonable ammount of effort.  
  
I have a similar philosophy about projects and I think we should be creating portfolio worthy pieces as we code. So I’ve optimized this that should we complete a full day’s worth of work we will be rewarded with a portfolio worthy piece. A project that we could show screenshots of on a homepage or a github profile, one that even non technical people would be impressed with. I believe that anyone with enough portfolio pieces should have little trouble finding a job or freelance work. My aim is that anyone who finishes this piscine should afterwards have enough projects to show in order to land themselves a career making apps (which pays a lot more than web dev) swift/ios developers are also higher paid than those who make for android.  
  
So that’s the goal, everyday we have micro projects that build in the appropriate order of most important first, up toward a portfolio piece, the rushes are similarly structured to use principles from the days preceding to be a kind of super-project that builds on the principles previously introduced the days earlier. The trick is balancing the difficulty. It should take each student roughtly 8 hours of work a day, and is set up such that less advanced students will finish the first half of the day while still feeling challenged while the more advanced students would finish the day to completion also feeling challenged. 
  
I will need all of your help to call me out on things where it doesn’t make sense, isn’t clear, is too easy, too similar, or too difficult of a project.
